fix some typos in optimize-storage.md (#1565)
rrweb-io/rrweb: docs/recipes/optimize-storage.md

rrweb.record({
  emit(event) {},
  sampling: {

>     // Configure which kind of mouse interactions should be recorded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Configure which kinds of mouse interaction should be recorded
```

>     // Configure which kind of mouse interactions should be recorded

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    // Configure which kinds of mouse interaction should be recorded
```
